[Autogenerated] who that was not so bad, was it?
And now you're all on your way to be an expert on AWS codedeploy.
But before you go,
let's take a look at where to go next and have a look at some inspiration.
So what's next you ask, and where can you go from here?
I would suggest looking toe or me as much as possible from your
software engineer life cycle and start to really implement and
include as much devils methodologies as possible.
On there are a couple of other service.
Is that tie into codedeploy really well, such as co pipeline and co build.
I followed Froze in here, too.
For good measure, Werner Vogels is a CDO of AWS.
He has driven and pointed a duress in innovative directions on
make sure they are ahead of the market curve.
As you can see from his quote,
he believes that automating as much of the management processes as possible
to remove any manual and human areas is a smart move.
Codedeploy is one of the many service is that eight of us provides, which can help you achieve this goal